container: make `cpu_manager_policy` optional in `kubelet_config` (#11572)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/container_cluster.html.markdown

<a name="nested_kubelet_config"></a>The `kubelet_config` block supports:

* `cpu_manager_policy` - (Optional) The CPU management policy on the node. See
[K8S CPU Management Policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/).

> One of `"none"` or `"static"` (empty string `""` is also allowed, which is the
> API default). Default is unset (`"none"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of `"none"` or `"static"`. If unset (or set to the empty string `""`), the API will treat the field as if set to "none".
```
